Boy trying to bluff me
Okay, take out the evidence
Thank you. What evidence is there?
Don't mess around
What did you buy yourself?
Boss Zhou
Borrow your prize job Xiang Yu
OK
What do you want?
Ye Xian, what are you doing?
Boy, you are breaking the jar
You know it's fake.
You smashed this
Boss Zhang, did you see it?
Also said I did
It's nonsense.
Yes.
What kind of evidence can you make by making fragments?
And this is no ordinary fragment.
As far as I know
Antique forgers have a habit
I like to put my name
Or symbolic symbols carved into this inner wall
Look.
There's a chapter on it.
Sister Shang
Do you know a master antique forger?
I know the house surnamed Zhang.
It's Zhang Haozi
He is a textile expert
That's right.
Find this Zhang Haozi and confront him face to face
Ask the truth about who bought this fake Buddha statue